Type Conversion - When you assign the value of one data type to another or when you perform an operation on two operands, their data types must be compatible with each other. 
If the data types are not compatible, then the data type of an operand needs to be converted. 
This conversion is of two types: Implicit(Widening), Explicit(Narrowing)

Implicit Type Conversion - When a value of a data type with a smaller range is assigned to a variable of a compatible data type with a larger range. When two variables of 
different data types are involved in an expression, the value of the smaller range data type is converted to a value of the larger range data type and then the operation is 
performed. 

int discountPercentage = 10; 
double newDiscountPercentage = discountPercentage; 

Explicit Type Conversion - Explicit Conversion is used when you want to assign a value of a larger range data type to a smaller range data type.

double totalPrice = 200;  
int newPrice = (int)totalPrice;

short number = 32767; 
	short numberTwo = (short)(number + 1); 
	System.out.println(numberTwo); 

Output - Since 32767+1 is out of range of short, this causes an overflow, and hence the minimum value, i.e., -32768 is considered.



Break - Break statement is used to terminate a loop or the execution of a switch case.

Continue - Continue statement is used to skip the current iteration of a loop and continue with the next iteration. In case of while and do-while loops, continue statement 
skips the remaining code of the loop and passes the control to check the loop condition. Whereas in case of for loop, the control goes to the increment section and then the 
condition is checked.

Object Oriented Programming(OOP) is a type of programming approach which enables the programmers to work with real life entities like Customer, Trainee, Food, Book, etc.
OOP helps a programmer in breaking down the code into smaller modules.
These modules can then be used for representing the individual real life entities known as objects.

Advantages of OOPs -
Modularity: OOP enables programmers to create modules that do not need to be changed when an object is added.
Scalability: OOP makes development and maintenance easier.
Data hiding: OOP provides hiding and securing data.

Class - A representation specifying the characteristics and behaviors of an object is called a class. It is not a real life entity but a template for representing real life 
entities.

An object, which is an instance of a class is a real life entity which has some attributes and behaviors. The class determines the attributes and behaviors which an object 
should possess to belong to the class.
